docs(CalendarAndDateRangePicker): Add AllowReverse and ShowOtherMonth… (#2195)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/calendar/selection.md

With range selection mode, you have two options to get the user choice:

> * Two-way binding for the `RangeStart` (representing the first date of the selection) and the `RangeEnd` (the last date of the selection) parameters.
> * Handling the [RangeStartChanged and RangeEndChanged events]({%slug components/calendar/events%}#rangestartchanged-and-rangeendchanged).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure two-way binding for the `RangeStart` and the `RangeEnd` parameters. They represent the first and last date of the selection.
* Handle the [RangeStartChanged and RangeEndChanged events]({%slug components/calendar/events%}#rangestartchanged-and-rangeendchanged).
```

(Optional) You can set the `AllowReverse` parameter and define if the range is valid and highlighed when the end date preceeds the start date.

>caption Range selection with two-way binding and AllowReverse

````CSHTML
@* This example shows how to handle Range selection through two-way binding *@

<TelerikCheckBox Id="myCheckBox" @bind-Value="@AllowReverse" />
<label for="myCheckBox">@(AllowReverse ? "Allowed reverse selection" : "Not allowed reverse selection")</label>

> <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

    public DateTime Date { get; set; } = DateTime.Now.AddDays(-5);
    public DateTime RangeStart { get; set; } = DateTime.Now.Date;
    public DateTime RangeEnd { get; set; } = DateTime.Now.AddDays(15).Date;

>     public bool AllowReverse { get; set; }

Reviewer: Switch all accessors to `private`
